And The Last Lecture we learned that we have viewed child and how we can access it in our lifecycle
hooks.
Now there's one other nice little addition in app component where we add our content which we then project
into our server element.
Let's say we also want to place a local reference on this paragraph.
So the content paragraph maybe but now we want to use that in our service element component which is
where this content will end up in the end.
Now in the app component which is where we currently placed as in the template we could use add view
child because it's in the template of the app component even though it will be kind of passed on to
the server element component later.
Since we know that it will be there it would be nice if we could also access it from the server element
component but at the view child won't work because it's not part of the view.
It's part of the content which is why we also have separate hooks here content in it and viewing it.
Great thing is we don't only have viewed child we also have content child which all needs to be imported
from an English core.
This also allows us to pass a selector so the reference name content paragraph would be the selector
we chose here in the app component HVM of file and then just like with edu child we get.
We can store this in some property which will be of Taieb element ref like this.
And now we can use it and just like with new ref we of course can't access the value or anything before
we reached content in it.
So that is something I just wanted to add at content child to get access to content which is stored
in another component but then passed on via And the content.
Now let me lock this and I will log it here and on in it to demonstrate that it is not there here.
I will simply output text content of paragraph
Boob's paragraph and access this paragraph native element text contemned and then I will copy this to
offer content in it.
Now once I save this and reload the application you'll see that the first time we call it it's empty
here after on in it but thereafter in ngi after content in it or after this has been called once this
hook has been called we see just the tasks.
Now it was initialized data is the missing piece.
Understanding how we can get access to elements in our dorm and how we can work with these lifecycle
hooks